---
layout: "posts"
title:  "AGU Fall 2021 and SSA Spring 2022"
date:   2021-11-17 4:20:00 -0700
categories: update
---
## AGU 2021 New Orleans, Louisiana
This year AGU (American Geophysical Union) fall meeting will be hosted as a hybrid meeting with both in person and virtual attendees. I have chosen to attend in person because get so much more out of in person meetings than in an online format. The in person interactions and discussions about science at a poster or after a talk is what these meetings are all. I have been chosen to give a talk in the session S42B which will be available as a recorded version online, and I'll post a link here as well if you're unable to attend. This session is titled "Mechanical Complexity and Structural Heterogeneity in Diffuse Fault Zones: Observations, Modeling, and Experiments" for which I'll be presenting observations of damage from 3D seismic volumes along the Palos Verdes Fault. I'll give a brief overview at the conference on Thursday, 16 December 2021 at 9:58, and partake in the panel discussion at the end of the session. I am excited for the session and am looking forward to some constructive feedback.  

## SSA 2022 Seattle, Washington
Our damage zone session was accepted for the SSA (Seismologic Society of America) meeting this year. Abstract submissions will be open through January 12 2022. This session will be convened by Alba Rodriquez Padilla, Xiaohua (Eric) Xu, Tom Mitchell, and me. The title of this session is "Fault Damage Zones: What We Know and Do Not". I am looking forward to gaining some experience chairing a technical session at one of the most important seismology conferences of the year. Please reach out to me if you're interested in presenting in this session!
