---
layout: "posts"
title:  "Summer Update"
date:   2022-08-23 4:20:00 -0700
categories: update
---
## It's been a few months since last update
### SSA 2022 (Seismological Society of America) 
The meeting was a total success! The damage zone session was packed and there were great presentations as well as interesting feedback and suggestions. In person meetings are great!  

### Damage zone paper
In the last few months I've been putting the finishing touches on the damage zone manuscript and it's been submitted to Earth and Planetary Science Letters and has been accepted with minor revisions, so paper number two should be out and available soon! I'll be sure to post it here ASAP.

### Gordon Research Conference and Seminar
In early August I attended the Gordon Research Conference in Lewiston Maine. This was a super interesting conference. The first day of the meeting is for students and early career scientists. I thought that this was a really nice way to start the meeting and allow the students to have the place to themselves for a few days and talk science amongst peers prior to the professors arrival. I learned a bunch about experiments on rocks and learned that there is still so much to learn and know! I particularly enjoyed presenting my research poster in this setting because the experiementalists love to get into the nity-grity details on the methods they asked some great questions.

### Considering Convening an SSA 2023 Session
Need to write up a proposal and submit!
